README.md, before:

# Starting-to-Code-on-AWS
You are a developer and you are starting to code on AWS, here is a pathway to guide your journey

## Deploying with AWS Lightsail

To deploy this application on AWS Lightsail with SSL certificates, follow these steps:

1. **Launch Instance**: Create a Bitnami Node.js instance in Lightsail. In the "Launch script" section, add:
   ```bash
   export DB_PASSWORD="postgres"
   curl -o launch-script.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rjourdan/Starting-to-Code-on-AWS/step1-monolith-Lightsail/launch-script.sh
   chmod +x launch-script.sh
   ./launch-script.sh
   ```

2. **Configure DNS**: After instance creation, note the public IP address. In Route 53 (or your DNS provider), create an A record pointing your domain to your Lightsail instance's public IP address.

3. **Complete SSL Setup**: SSH into your instance and run the post-installation script:
   ```bash
   cd /opt/bitnami/projects/remarket
   export DOMAIN="yourdomain.com"
   export EMAIL="your-email@yourdomain.com"
   ./post-install-script.sh
   ```

4. **Open Ports**: In Lightsail networking, ensure ports 80 (HTTP), 443 (HTTPS), and 22 (SSH) are open.

The launch script installs PostgreSQL, sets up both backend and frontend services with nginx reverse proxy for security. The backend API runs on localhost:8000 (internal only) while nginx proxies API requests from /api/* to the backend. The post-installation script handles DNS verification, SSL certificate generation via Bitnami's Let's Encrypt tool, and configures HTTPS.

Commit message:

Fix: avoid cloud-initi timeout by updating launch-script to create a first-boot installation

README.md, after:

# Starting-to-Code-on-AWS
You are a developer and you are starting to code on AWS, here is a pathway to guide your journey

## Deploying with AWS Lightsail

To deploy this application on AWS Lightsail with SSL certificates, follow these steps:

1. **Launch Instance**: Create a Bitnami Node.js instance in Lightsail. In the "Launch script" section, add:
   ```bash
   export DB_PASSWORD="postgres"
   curl -o launch-script.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rjourdan/Starting-to-Code-on-AWS/step1-monolith-Lightsail/launch-script.sh
   chmod +x launch-script.sh
   ./launch-script.sh
   ```
   
   **Note**: The launch script creates a first-boot service and reboots the instance. The actual installation runs automatically after reboot to avoid cloud-init timeout issues.

2. **Monitor Installation**: After the instance reboots, you can monitor the installation progress by SSH'ing into the instance and running:
   ```bash
   sudo journalctl -u remarket-first-boot.service -f
   ```

3. **Configure DNS**: After installation completes, note the public IP address. In Route 53 (or your DNS provider), create an A record pointing your domain to your Lightsail instance's public IP address.

4. **Complete SSL Setup**: SSH into your instance and run the post-installation script:
   ```bash
   cd /opt/bitnami/projects/remarket
   export DOMAIN="yourdomain.com"
   export EMAIL="your-email@yourdomain.com"
   ./post-install-script.sh
   ```

5. **Open Ports**: In Lightsail networking, ensure ports 80 (HTTP), 443 (HTTPS), and 22 (SSH) are open.

## Architecture

The installation script creates a secure deployment with nginx reverse proxy:

- **Frontend**: Accessible on port 80 (public)
- **Backend API**: Internal only on localhost:8000 (secure)
- **Nginx Proxy**: Routes `/api/*` requests to backend
- **Database**: PostgreSQL on localhost (internal)

This architecture ensures the backend API is not directly exposed to the internet while maintaining full functionality through the nginx reverse proxy. The post-installation script handles DNS verification, SSL certificate generation via Bitnami's Let's Encrypt tool, and configures HTTPS.
